You won’t let me live?
Then none of you will live.
Come on,
let's all go down together.
Don’t be impulsive.
Li Bei Qīng,
if it weren’t for you,
how would Jian Dao defy me?
I’ll kill you first,
Zhang Wen Xu.
Jian Dao,
you were fat like a pig,
and I still married you.
I poisoned you so many times, but you didn’t die.
Once I poison you to death,
Jian An Group will be mine.
Son,
don’t be foolish.
Calm down, son.
An old woman like you
should shut your mouth and stay quiet.
Both of you,
if it weren’t for you,
how could I have gotten divorced?
How could I have gotten divorced?
How could Jian Dao
escape from my grasp?
Don’t move.
Wen Xu, don’t be impulsive.
Put down the knife,
we can talk.
Get lost!
The baby.
The baby?
Yes,
the baby.
Isn’t it you
who told me to use the baby to threaten her?
She wouldn’t have done this to me.
Our...
our baby.
Our baby.
Mom...
Are you pregnant?